DBZ-7927 Document advanced mongodb ssl configuration (#5946)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/mongodb.adoc

|`16`
|Positive integer value that specifies the maximum number of failed connection attempts to a replica set primary before an exception occurs and task is aborted. Defaults to 16, which with the defaults for `connect.backoff.initial.delay.ms` and `connect.backoff.max.delay.ms` results in just over 20 minutes of attempts before failing.

|[[mongodb-property-mongodb-ssl-keystore]]<<mongodb-property-ssl-keystore, `+mongodb.ssl.keystore+`>>
|No Default

> |An optional setting that specifies the location of the key store file. A key store file can be used for two-way authentication between the client and the {connector-name} server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|An optional setting that specifies the location of the key store file. A key store file can be used for two-way authentication between the client and the MongoDB server.
```
